[DOC-10075] Document new topology minimums for Advanced (#18880)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/create-an-advanced-cluster.md

    A multi-region cluster requires at minimum three regions and can survive the loss of a single region. Refer to [Planning your cluster](plan-your-cluster-advanced.html?filters=advanced) for the configuration requirements and recommendations for CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} clusters.

1. Select the number of nodes:

>     - For single-region production deployments, we require a minimum of 3 nodes. The number of nodes also depends on your storage capacity and performance requirements. See [Example]({% link cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster-advanced.md %}#example) for further guidance. New CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} organizations created after September 26, 2024 can no longer create single-node clusters or scale a cluster to a single node. Single-node clusters are not suitable for production deployments.

Reviewer: Let's revert back to the original.

>     - For single-region production deployments, we require a minimum of 3 nodes. The number of nodes also depends on your storage capacity and performance requirements. See [Example]({% link cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster-advanced.md %}#example) for further guidance. New CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} organizations created after September 26, 2024 can no longer create single-node clusters or scale a cluster to a single node. Single-node clusters are not suitable for production deployments.

Author: ```suggestion
    - For single-region production deployments, we recommend a minimum of 3 nodes. The number of nodes also depends on your storage capacity and performance requirements. See [Example]({% link cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster-advanced.md %}#example) for further guidance.
```

>     - For multi-region deployments, we require a minimum of 3 nodes per region. For best performance and stability, you should use the same number of nodes in each region.

Author: ```suggestion
    - For multi-region deployments, we require a minimum of 3 nodes per region. For best performance and stability, you should use the same number of nodes in each region.
    - For single-region application development and testing, you may create a single-node cluster.
```

    - For multi-region deployments, we require a minimum of 3 nodes per region. For best performance and stability, you should use the same number of nodes in each region.

>     - For single-region application development and testing, you may create a single-node cluster.

Reviewer: Let's not delete this anymore.
